Update teams-powershell-release-notes.md (#8242)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-powershell-release-notes.md

| Date | Version | Updates |
|------- | -------------------- | ------------------------------ |

> | December 2021 | [3.0.1-preview](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/MicrosoftTeams/3.0.1-preview) |<li>Releases modernized versions of Grant-CsTeamsFilesPolicy and Remove-CsTeamsFilesPolicy. These are expected to work similar to their remoting counter parts. The modern versions will be gradually rolled out. So some tenants will see the older remoting version (until the rollout completes).</li><li> Releases [New\|Set\|Remove]-CsUserCallingDelegate cmdlets. These cmdlets will be eventually released in GA module. Releasing the trial version in preview module.</li><li>Releases [Get\|Remove]-CsTeamsShiftsConnectionErrorReport cmdlets. These cmdlets will be eventually released in GA module. Releasing the trial version in preview module.</li><li>Releases Get-CsTeamsShiftsConnectionOperation cmdlet. This cmdlet will be eventually released in GA module. Releasing the trial version in preview module.</li><li>Releases New-CsTeamsShiftsConnectionBatchTeamMap cmdlet. This cmdlet will be eventually released in GA module. Releasing the trial version in preview module.</li><li>Releases Remove-CsTeamsShiftsScheduleRecord cmdlet. This cmdlet will be eventually released in GA module. Releasing the trial version in preview module.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| December 2021 | [3.0.1-preview](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/MicrosoftTeams/3.0.1-preview) |<li>Releases modernized versions of Grant-CsTeamsFilesPolicy and Remove-CsTeamsFilesPolicy. These are expected to work similar to their remoting counterparts. The modern versions will be gradually rolled out. So some tenants will see the older remoting version (until the rollout completes).</li><li> Releases [New\|Set\|Remove]-CsUserCallingDelegate cmdlets. These cmdlets will be eventually released in GA module. Releasing the trial version in preview module.</li><li>Releases [Get\|Remove]-CsTeamsShiftsConnectionErrorReport cmdlets. These cmdlets will be eventually released in GA module. Releasing the trial version in preview module.</li><li>Releases Get-CsTeamsShiftsConnectionOperation cmdlet. This cmdlet will be eventually released in GA module. Releasing the trial version in preview module.</li><li>Releases New-CsTeamsShiftsConnectionBatchTeamMap cmdlet. This cmdlet will be eventually released in GA module. Releasing the trial version in preview module.</li><li>Releases Remove-CsTeamsShiftsScheduleRecord cmdlet. This cmdlet will be eventually released in GA module. Releasing the trial version in preview module.</li>
```
